Fix RGB sliders on PAS (#2496)
hubmapconsortium/portal-ui: CHANGELOG-no-rgb-sliders.md

> - For assays like PAS, we were adding RGB chanels sliders. Revert back to a single opacit slider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For assays like PAS, we were adding RGB channels sliders. Revert back to a single opacity slider.
```
